feat: add kubernetes support with Helm (#2)
supabase-community/supabase-kubernetes: README.md

# Supabase Kubernetes

This repository contains the charts to deploy a [Supabase](https://github.com/supabase/supabase) instance inside a Kubernetes cluster using Helm 3.

For any information regarding Supabase itself you can refer to the [official documentation](https://supabase.io/docs).

## What's Supabase ?

Supabase is an open source Firebase alternative. We're building the features of Firebase using enterprise-grade open source tools.

## How to use ?

You can find the documentation inside the [chart directory](./charts/supabase/README.md)

## Support

> This repository is supported by the community and not officially supported. Please do not create issue on the Supabase repository if you face any error using this repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project is supported by the community and not officially supported by Supabase. Please do not create any issues on the official Supabase repositories if you face any problems using this repository, but rather open an issue on this repository.
```

## Contributing

> You can contribute to this project by forking this repository and opening a pull required

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can contribute to this project by forking this repository and opening a pull request.
```
